README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
  My Personal Website - Backend
</h1>

This is the git repo for the backend of my personal site, hosted at [jackmorrison.xyz](https://jackmorrison.xyz)

It handles the information retrieved for the [live page](https://jackmorrison.xyz/live), as well as other features, such as the recently accessed social media services on the home page.

## 🛠 How it's built

The site is built using **Node.JS**, and is running on a **Heroku dyno**.

## 🎨 Can I use this

Sure! This website is completely open source. The only thing I ask is that you link to my [sources page](https://jackmorrison.netlify.app/credits) so that the sources I've used are credited, as well as myself! ☺️

## 🚀 How to use the site

1.  **Clone the repo**

1.  **Install Node**

1.  **Start developing**

    Start up the server locally at `http://localhost:8080` by running:

    ```shell
    npm run develop
    ```

1.  **Open the source code and start editing!**

    If you're running my site locally, then the API calls from the local Gatsby site will hit this instead of the server, so any changes can be seen in real time!

    Or, use a program such as [Postman](https://www.postman.com/) to test!

Commit message:

Adds environment variable file template

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
  My Personal Website - Backend
</h1>

This is the git repo for the backend of my personal site, hosted at [jackmorrison.xyz](https://jackmorrison.xyz)

It handles the information retrieved for the [live page](https://jackmorrison.xyz/live), as well as other features, such as the recently accessed social media services on the home page.

## 🛠 How it's built

The site is built using **Node.JS**, and is running on a **Heroku dyno**.

## 🎨 Can I use this

Sure! This website is completely open source. The only thing I ask is that you link to my [sources page](https://jackmorrison.netlify.app/credits) so that the sources I've used are credited, as well as myself! ☺️

## 🚀 How to use the site

1.  **Clone the repo**

1.  **Install Node**

1.  **Start developing**

    Start up the server locally at `http://localhost:8080` by running:

    ```shell
    npm run develop
    ```

1.  **Fill in the `.env.development.example` file, renaming it to `.env.development`**

    This file contains any environment variables which will be specific to your own APIs

1.  **Open the source code and start editing!**

    If you're running my site locally, then the API calls from the local Gatsby site will hit this instead of the server, so any changes can be seen in real time!

    Or, use a program such as [Postman](https://www.postman.com/) to test!
